# How to play
Ludorus is currently under development and can not be played. Sorry.

Welcome to the town of Ludorus (loo-do-rus)! You have just moved in to your new cabin, and as a sort of housewarming gift, the city council has given you **100** coins. To check your balance, use the `?balance` command in chat. The chat is how you do everything in Ludorus and this guide exsists to give you a helping hand with the many commands used to interact with the game.

## Setting up shop
Making money is good, especially since rent is due soon. To set up a shop, use the `?storeup` command. Your first store is free, and free forever. For every store you want to start after that, you must pay your previous store's cost + 15000 coins. Now you must start selling your product. There are a few classes of stores, and they each have their own requirements:

| Occupation | What they do |
| -- | -- |
| Farmer | Grows crops and sells at market |
| Baker | Buys farmer's crops from market to make basic food like bread |


## The lottery
Want to test your luck? Why not give the lottery a try? The draw for the *ludicrous Ludorus* occurs every wednsday at 10:00pm master time (LMT). One ticket is only 5 coins, and the prizes will be announced in weekly paper. To enter, buy a ticket using the `?buy lottoticket` command.

## The weekly paper
The weekly paper will be avalible through the link on stream. Here, you can find the news, the predicted weather, the weekly leaderboard snapshot, and a list of all items for sale.

For the hackers amungst us, this paper is automatically generated by the game using info from various databases and published to pastebin.
